hey shake Mesa Phoenix longevity arts
and we're here in Xi'an China at the
eight immortals temple which I've never
been to before and my my wife Pamela
found it it's an amazing temple here
it's a great break from the hustle and
bustle of Chinese life and we're here in
the garden and talk about a cool garden
I've never seen a temple Buddhist or
Taoist with a garden like this before
and right in the middle of the garden is
this incredibly and young where the
eight changes all around the minions of
the eaching so I thought it'd be
appropriate right in the middle is
eun-young to show you guys the eight
palms of ba gua she had not done yet so
let's do it right now come on over
so traditionally when I teach my
students this I teach them in a horse
stance so from the horse stance
I show them young zhongshi's the heaven
palm foo John which is the lake palm
shuzhong which is the fire pump paljon
which is the Thunder palm P John which
is the wind palm Liao John which is the
water palm TI John which is the mountain
pump and lo chuan JAMA to the earth pop
the other side heaven Lake fire Thunder
wind water mountain and earth okay
together from the sides
heaven
Lake Fire Thunder in water mountain and
earth so we're doing our classical or
any kind of bago training it said that
each one of the moves incorporates one
of these eight palms and therefore
there's one element for each palm heaven
lake fire Thunder water wind Mountain
Earth so you can go ahead and practice
your eight palms in your horse stance on
your natural stance and you can even use
the pump as a meditation exercise just
standing there and breathing in for for
heaven breathing out for Lake breathing
in for fire out for thunder in for wind
out for water in for mountain and out
for
that means you would have eight eight
eight eight one side other side eight
both hands have a good 24 breaths and
get a great meditation doing your bagua
eight palms this is Jake May signing off
from the 8 immortals temple with the
mouth with the cat and we'll see you
next time don't forget consistent
practice is key especially with bagua
meditation and the eight palms that's
funny